Alter template override howto to reflect new reality (#1269)
Uninett/Argus: docs/development/howtos/htmx-frontend/override_templates.rst

an extensive list, but can provide entry points or inspiration:

* ``htmx/base.html``: add or remove nav links
* ``htmx/incident/_incident_list_menubar.html``: remove the ``_filter_controls`` widget from the

>   filter box. This also requires a full override of the template ``htmx/incident/_incident_list_update_menu.html``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  filter box. This requires full template override by copy/pasting the original template and modifying its content
```

>   filter box. This requires full template override by copy/pasting the original template and modifying its content

Reviewer: oops, i made a typo in my original suggestiong 🤦 
```suggestion
  filter box. This requires a full template override by copy/pasting the original template and modifying its content
```
